[ Man ]
Previously on Sons of Anarchy.
Feds raided Luann’s studio.
Asset seizure. Wiped her out.
She needs time and money
to get up and running,
get a new space.
[ Jax ]
Your new studio.
- Sam Crow is a partner?
- Fifty-fifty.
Like you to meet Ethan Zobelle.
- A.J. Weston.
- I know who you are.
White hate.
- What do you want from me?
- We just want you to know...
that we are at your disposal
if you need us.
This is 5,000.
It should get you operational
inside Charming.
- Who are you?
- Just dropping by to give you
a little friendly advice.
We fell it would be best
for all concerned...
if you stop dealing arms
to the One-Niners
and the Mayans.
- You’re done selling guns
to color.
- Nobody threatens Sam Crow.
- Who the hell’s that?
- Friend of Darby’s.
Nothing to worry about.
[ Sobbing ]
My baby swallowed something!
He’s choking. Please help me.
We need you to pass on
a message to your old man.
Tell him to stop selling guns
to niggers and wetbacks,
or we find you
and we do this again.
[ Shrieking ]
- Oh, my God.
- Get me out of here.
Promise me
you won’t tell anyone.
- We gotta tell Clay.
- Not Clay, not Jax.
No one.
♪♪ [ Guitar ]
[ Bobby ]
Thank you.
[ Audience Applauding,
Cheering ]
♪ Hava nagila ♪
♪ Venis’mecha ♪
♪♪ [ Singing Along ]
♪ Hava nagila ♪
♪ Venis’mecha ♪
Whoo!
♪♪ [ Continues In Hebrew ]
That’s right.
[ Woman ]
You’re a bad boss,
Mr. Draper.
[ Moaning ]
Yeah. Yeah.
♪♪ [ Continues In Hebrew ]
Just like that.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, Mommy.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, harder.
All right.
Big finish, Lyla.
Harder! Oh, yeah.
Oh, God! Oh, God!
Give it to me harder, please.
- [ Screaming ]
- Cut!
- Check it!
- [ Bottle Pulls Out ]
[ Gasping ]
Bravo!
Encore!
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
Come to bed last night?
Can’t get comfortable.
I didn’t want to
keep you up.
I’d rather
you tossed next to me
than on the couch.
[ Chirping ]
This is starting
to become a habit.
It’s been, like,
three weeks since–
I still got a lot of pain.
Maybe you should
go see the doc.
I don’t need meds.
I just need some time.
How much time?
I gotta
get to the office.
I just sat down.
I’m late.
List of repos came in
from the dealer last night.
I’m trying to
talk to you here.
Since when do
you want to talk?
[ Door Opens, Slams ]
[ Chirping ]
[ Squawks ]
[ Air Pressure Ratchet Whirs ]
Hey.
What is it?
Uh, nothing.
I– I had to get
some air in my tires.
Figured I’d check in.
I’m fine.
Your face is healing.
Pretty as ever.
Well, thank you, Chief.
[ Sighs ]
Something else?
I’ve been going
to these meetings.
St. Luke’s in Lodi.
Cancer survivors.
Support group?
I gotta say,
it’s making a difference.
You going somewhere
with this?
I saw on the board,
church got a group for victims
of sexual assault crimes.
[ Sighs ]
Hey, it’s out
of Charming.
Anonymous.
How long you known me?
You really think
that I’m the type of gal
that joins...
some holy "poor me"
circle jerk?
Just a thought.
You take care.
I’m gonna be–
Oh, shit!
Sorry.
You okay?
Yeah, I’m fine.
Here’s the repo list.
Why don’t you get Half-Sack
and Ope started on it.
Yeah, sure.
[ Door Closes ]
♪♪ [ Blues Rock ]
Ah, sad Elvis.
Oh, blow me.
Goddamn bar mitzvahs
are killing me.
Why you doing it then?
Tahoe gigs will
come back around.
I’m buried.
Inside for two months.
Child support, alimony.
My oldest
needs oral surgery.
They gotta cut his frenum.
What the hell is a frenum?
Sounds Jewish.
Sounds expensive.
Well,
you’re no use to us
in the garage
with that shoulder.
Why don’t you take point
up at Caracara?
Porn?
I need a set of eyes up there
I can trust.
I don’t want it to turn into
a goddamn bukaki fest.
Run the books,
keep everybody zipped up,
take a salary.
Whose end?
Not ours.
Luann is gonna shit.
Mmm.
Yeah, well, better things
coming out of her ass than
getting jammed back in it, huh?
All right.
Homework?
The Jungle?
Know it?
Almost
turned me vegan.
This is really twisted,
but I’m actually
craving a big steak.
Got a porterhouse
right here for you, baby.
[ Laughing ]
You’re a class act,
Teller.
Give me a kiss.
Here?
Just us carnivores.
[ Laughs ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
[ Groans ]
[ Ringing Continues ]
It’s you.
Shit.
Porn hotline.
[ Sighs ]
Yeah?
How are you,
Jackie boy?
[ Grunts ]
You better
get out here, brother.
Are you kidding me?
[ Jax ] Why?
Bobby turned up, told Luann
he’s handling the books.
He did what?
Who told him to do that?
Clay, I guess.
And Luann is freaking out.
Jesus Christ.
All right.
Chlamydia outbreak?
I’m sorry.
I’ll drop you at home.
Take me.
Yeah?
Maybe we can still
salvage the day.
Okay.
Hey.
Got more repos.
Where the hell’s
Gemma going?
Caracara.
Guess Luann’s having
some kind of meltdown.
Stupid bitch!
I hate it
when Mommy and Daddy fight.
Hey, Clay.
Get to work, shithead.
Pretty sure
he was talking to you.
Where you going?
To protect Clay.
Clay Morrow and your boss
with Laroy Wayne.
Runs the One-Niners.
Controls the largest heroin
trade in three counties.
That’s nothing
I don’t already know.
Well, it’s something
to act on, Deputy.
Chief of police
associating with drug kingpins?
Unser’s done in six weeks.
And you’ll be no better off
than you are now.
SAMCRO
will continue to vex.
Well, that’s my problem.
It’s a difficult one.
Charming treats
the Sons like heroes.
Some do.
You know, I can help you.
And how are you
gonna do that?
Clay vows to keep Charming
safe and drug free.
That’s why folks
embrace the M.C.
What happens to public opinion
if he can’t do that?
If drugs land in Charming,
that’s on me.
It’s on Unser.
And SAMCRO is knocked off
their iconic pedestal.
Then when you take over,
the drugs go away.
Are you talking about
deliberately bringing drugs
into my town?
I’m talking about
creating a temporary problem...
that allows you to flush out
the permanent one.
Grab Fane and Craft.
Head on over there, okay?
Oh, sorry.
I didn’t know
you had a visitor.
Deputy Chief,
thank you for your time.
Ain’t anybody
gonna introduce?
Ethan Zobelle.
Impeccable Smokes.
Cigar King.
That’s right.
Gentlemen.
♪♪ [ Rock ]
[ Exhales ]
[ Engine Off ]
Bam.
I’ll wait.
Five minutes.
All right. Yeah. Okay.
Just sit back a little bit.
All right.
Is that better?
Yeah.
This is bullshit!
All right.
A manager?
I’m getting shut out
of my own business.
I’m just here to do
the bookkeeping, darlin’.
Did you sign off on this?
It was a club decision.
Like I need this hassle.
I gotta finish this shoot,
post an anal rain dance
and prep a sorority swing.
Well, look at it this way.
Bobby handling the admin frees
you up to do the important shit.
What’s
an anal rain dance?
♪♪ [ Stereo: Rock ]
[ Engine Off ]
Uh, shouldn’t you be
polishing that bike,
sweetie?
Jax likes it
nice and shiny.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Jax ] Just gotta concentrate
on doing what you do.
Let us do what we do.
Where the hell you been, Ima?
This is your movie.
I’ve been shooting around
your shit all morning.
Look, I’m sorry.
I had to detour, okay?
I think Georgie’s following me.
Some goon almost
ran me off the road.
Nah. Relax, darlin’.
We took care of that.
Georgie ain’t that stupid.
Georgie’s psycho.
What he did to Lyla,
he could do to me.
- Look, I want Jax
protecting me.
- What’s happenin’, Bobby?
You know
how easily I dry out
under stress.
Jax?
Look, she’s got
a thing for you.
So just play along?
Calm her down?
She’s our biggest draw
right now.
[ Sighs ]
Look, you got no reason
to be scared, darlin’.
We’re here
to keep you safe.
[ Ima ] I don’t know why
I’m so freaked out.
I just– I was terrified.
I didn’t know
what I was gonna do.
What the hell
you doing here?
Luann called.
She’s freaking out.
This is club business.
You got no reason
to intervene.
What intervene?
She’s my friend.
She needs to talk.
Oh. So when she wants to talk,
you what? Drop everything?
- Jesus Christ.
What are you, three?
- Get back to the garage.
Excuse me?
Last thing I need
is for you running diva
over a goddamn come factory!
Asshole.
You stupid piece of shit!
[ Jax ]
Just gotta do
what you know is best.
- Jax!
- Give me a call
when you get finished.
I’ll make sure
you get home safe.
He’s occupied, honey.
You should wait outside
like you were told.
Okay, I’m sorry.
She’s a little
out of her mind.
Well, she’s not
the only one.
That’s just what
those arthritic mitts need–
a good pounding!
- You want to see
a good pounding?
- Oh, yeah, come on, badass!
Lay hands on me!
I’ll slit your goddamn throat!
You are pathetic!
[ Screams ]
Don’t you touch–
Don’t!
[ Sobbing ]
[ Sighs ]
I hate doing this.
Recession’s bad on payments,
good on repo.
Jesus Christ.
What?
Shithead’s dealing.
Looks like one of Darby’s guys.
You fellas got a need?
A need for you to take
your shit somewhere else.
- No one deals in Charming.
- Well, I ain’t no one.
Aryans.
Shit.
Opie. Opie!
Whoa, whoa, look.
I’m pretty good with a crowbar,
but I can’t deflect bullets.
Let’s get some backup.
Ope?
Yeah.
What do you got?
Zobelle’s
a goddamn saint.
He owns five cigar shops.
Deacon at his church.
Widower. One kid.
But look at this.
Last place League of American
Nationalists put down roots
was San Bernardino.
Six months later,
War Boys M.C. crumbled.
Entire crew went away
for aggravated assault,
attacked Zobelle’s cigar shop.
War Boys run guns.
They did.
Why would Zobelle
care about guns?
Because these dickheads
are prepping
for the great race war.
Zobelle came at us hard.
Cocky threat, no fear.
He wanted to incite you.
So what?
We own the law
in Charming.
Unser, not Hale.
- [ Opie ] Maybe he got Hale.
- If Hale could be bought,
we’d have him.
Maybe we never offered him
the right payoff.
Let’s stick with
the devil we know.
Darby’s Lodi cook shops
are all shuttered up.
Maybe he’s gone mobile.
Well, let’s find
those meth labs, okay?
And now!
Ima called.
Miss Double Penetration
is ready for you.
- [ All Chuckling ]
- [ Jax Groans ]
I’ll be right back.
Just gotta give her a safe ride.
A producer’s work
is never done, huh?
You should’ve given me
a heads-up about Bobby
taking over Luann’s books.
I brought this to the club.
It’s my action.
Bobby needs it!
He did two months
inside for us.
Maybe it’s time you started
thinking about something
other than yourself.
Yeah.
Hey, bro.
Hey.
How’s it going?
Well, I thought
this was gonna be a cush gig,
but Luann’s accounts are a mess.
Missing receivables,
vendor files.
Guess her expertise
lies in other areas.
[ Chuckles ]
You okay with this?
I know Clay made the call
without you.
It’s good.
It’s good you’re here, man.
Well, I know
I can be of some help.
I don’t know
what kind of system she had.
Well, let me know
if you need anything.
Yeah.
[ Exhales ]
Hey, hey, hey.
You and Clay–
the guys are worried.
Ah, nothing to worry about.
Convince me.
You talk to Clay?
Not yet.
Just father-son shit,
you know.
We’ll work it out.
It’s all good.
I’m ready.
She’s ready.
I get that.
Got a need,
brother?
[ Panting ]
Yeah. You got a 40 bag?
Hey, yo, relax.
Relax.
My foreman sees me,
I’m screwed, man.
Hey, over here.
Over here.
This ain’t that, uh–
This ain’t that
Mexican shit, right?
I’m all about
made in America, man.
[ Groaning ]
Where’s Darby
cooking the crank?
No? Okay. Let’s see what
his balls are made out of–
glass or steel.
[ Groaning, Shrieking ]
Charming.
Water Road, out by the streams.
Shitty red house.
[ Groans ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Door Closes ]
Thirsty?
H.I.V. test.
You’re due.
I haven’t had sex
since it happened.
Makes sense.
You’re still healing.
Pussy’s not the problem.
It’s my head.
You need time.
I need something.
Where’s Clay
with all this?
Did you miss the car show
earlier? He hates me.
That’s not true.
I don’t know.
[ Engine Revving ]
[ Air Pressure Ratchet
Whines ]
Son of a bitch.
Thanks again, Jax.
I know I’m probably
just overreacting, but you know.
It’s all good, darlin’.
Sack!
I’ll see you tonight. Okay?
Wrap party.
You good
with that rubbing on Jax?
I– I trust him.
It’s not him
you worry about.
It’s them.
They think
he’s a free dick.
Gotta educate.
Set the bitch straight.
Others see it,
everyone knows.
What?
Like, hit her?
Kick, scratch, whatever.
I’m not 18 years old
anymore, Gemma.
My catfighting days
are behind me.
We’ll see.
My pee.
Thanks.
[ Opie ]
Dealer said Darby’s cooking
down by the streams.
I know that part
of Water Road.
Only a few houses.
Well, we find the right one,
clear it out, burn it down.
You’re talking about
blowing something up
in our backyard.
It’s exposure, Clay.
Don’t see another way,
brother.
Why don’t we just tell Unser?
Let the cops actually
do their job for once.
- Doesn’t send a message.
- Zobelle’s not a gangster.
- We don’t know
what kind of message to send.
- [ Clay ] All right.
We let the cops handle it.
Only we don’t tell Unser.
We tell Hale.
If he buries the intel,
we know he’s
on Zobelle’s payroll.
I’m telling you, man,
Hale’s not working
for white power.
- Well, then he shuts down
the cook shop, don’t he?
- And if he doesn’t, we do.
All in favor?
Sure.
[ Gavel Raps ]
You waiting for me?
Yeah.
Nords are dealing in town.
Found out
where Darby’s cooking.
Water Road,
out by the streams.
In Charming?
Yeah.
Red house.
Shouldn’t be
hard to find.
So now you’re
doing my job too?
I’m telling you, we don’t nip
this now, the Nords are gonna
flood that mill with crank.
I’m not
jerking you around, man.
I convinced Clay
to let you guys handle it,
do it by the book for a change.
Okay. Well, I’ll
take a ride out there.
[ Clears Throat ]
What’s so urgent, Prez?
Darby’s dealing
in Charming.
You’re kidding me.
What,
is he smoking his own shit?
The Nords are running proxy
for a bigger player.
I’m listening.
You been approached
by anybody?
No.
What about Hale?
He met with somebody earlier.
A friend of his brother.
Ethan Zobelle?
That’s right.
Cigar guy.
He’s the player?
He’s part of
a separatist group.
The suit and tie
is just cover
for white power.
You think Hale is cheek dancing
with this scumbag?
I mean, a little
out of character.
What’s Hale want
more than anything?
Hurt SAMCRO.
And how does he do that
if not with the law?
We fed him some intel
on where Darby’s cooker is.
If he’s in Zobelle’s pocket,
he’ll bury it.
Keep an eye on him.
[ Engine Off ]
[ Machinery Whirring ]
[ Screen Door Slams ]
Help you, Officer?
What the hell
you doing out here, Darby?
This is my little retreat.
Huntin’, fishin’.
You need industrial filters
to cook fish?
You got a warrant?
Not yet.
Hale.
From Ethan Zobelle.
Grand-opening coupon.
See you there.
[ Engine Off ]
You already
had Darby cooking meth.
I’m not responsible
for Mr. Darby.
That your temporary problem?
Flooding the mill
with crank?
Did you arrest him?
I didn’t have a warrant.
So get one.
Maybe I’ll pick up
one for you too.
I understand your anger,
and I know you think
I’m some kind of devil.
For years...
I sat back and watched
everything I love about
this country slowly unravel–
faith, values,
morals, decency.
It culminated
two years ago...
when my wife was killed
in a drive-by.
Her blood
got me off the sidelines
and into the game.
Now, if that makes me
a vigilante,
a Machiavellian fool,
so be it.
I despise drugs.
It’s the last thing
I would ever wish
for Charming.
But we both know
your methods for...
extracting
the Sons of Anarchy...
have failed...
because they operate
outside the law.
If you’re going to
damage them,
you have to dip into
their cesspool.
It’s ugly,
it’ll feel bad,
but the result will be
the salvation of Charming.
I’m on your side, David.
On your side.
[ Beeping ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
Hale.
Yeah?
That info on the lab,
that’s bogus.
There’s nothing out there.
[ Phone Beeps ]
Get the boom.
You pulling me off the set
doesn’t help–
Did you know that
my old man was a bookkeeper
for the mob in Reno?
Jesus Christ!
I’m in the middle–
Italians paid him
a lot of money.
Do you know why?
Handled two sets of books.
Twice the work,
twice the risk.
Been running a skim...
since
the very beginning.
By my calculations,
you’ve been cutting us light
for six years.
Otto gave me this business.
Club’s the reason
he’s in jail.
Well, you can justify it
however you want.
But you stole from us.
What do you want me
to do?
It’s a club decision
now.
No.
Please, Bobby.
Luann–
I’ll pay back
every dime.
Just take it
out of my cut.
Club gets paid back,
we don’t break Otto’s heart.
I don’t think
I can do that.
You ever see
any of my movies?
No.
You know
what my specialty was?
Look, Luann.
You’re Otto’s old lady.
Yeah.
But there’s
a prison clause.
That’s gotta be it.
[ Opie ]
Go.
Hold it!
Cameras.
We’re set.
We’ll clear the house.
Then blow it.
[ Chattering, Faint ]
[ Chattering Continues,
Faint ]
[ Shotgun Cocks, Fires ]
Get outta here!
Get out!
Come on, let’s go, boys!
[ Chattering, Shouting ]
[ Chibs ]
Run, you bastards! Run!
Clear?
Clear!
Let’s go.
Who’s
got the remote?
Ope’s not using one.
[ Vehicle Doors Closing ]
[ Man Yells, Indistinct ]
Talk to her, man.
I’m sorry.
Me too.
How are the hands?
A little sore.
Yeah.
I bet.
What’s going on with us?
It’s me.
My accident.
Just shook me up
somehow.
I don’t know. I–
I’m just having trouble.
How do I help?
I’m so sorry
it’s bleeding all over you.
Just a little lost,
baby.
Uh– I– I, uh–
I gotta get this software
to Bobby.
I’ll run it up there.
I don’t want you
hanging around that place.
Okay.
Well,
there’s
a wrap party tonight...
and, uh, the guys
are gonna be there.
I’m thinking of going.
Unless...
you want to maybe
grab some supper...
or something?
No, I-I–
I gotta relieve Neeta.
You should go.
Okay.
What do we know?
It’s a meth lab.
Somebody got sloppy
with the cooking.
Everybody got out.
There’s no bodies.
I’m guessing this has gotta
be Darby’s crew, right?
You got wind of anything?
No, nothing.
Nothing makes sense
anymore.
♪♪ [ Rock ]
Oh, Jesus!
[ Chattering, Laughing ]
[ Laughing ]
Oh, I love you, baby.
I love
the porn business.
[ Woman ]
Lay down.
[ Chuckles ]
You okay there,
young fella?
Oh, I’m just a little sore.
Guess I’m not used to
sitting behind a desk.
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
Thanks.
Crazy, huh?
[ Chattering,
Laughing Continue ]
Heard you went a little cowboy
at that Mayan thing
a few weeks ago.
The thing today
with the explosives.
I don’t have
a death wish, man.
You got something going on.
I got the club.
Just throwing myself into it.
You got kids, Ope.
Don’t throw yourself
too far.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Chattering,
Laughing Continue ]
This is a closed party.
I’m looking for Jax.
Honey, he’s got all
he can handle tonight.
Don’t worry.
Yeah,
I’m sure he does.
I said get out,
bitch.
[ Woman ]
That’s right.
You heard her.
[ Man ]
Dude, check it out!
What part of that
is so complicated?
Get out of my face.
Oh, shit.
That’s right.
You better run,
you little skank.
♪♪ [ Continues, Faint ]
- Tara.
- Be out in a minute!
Don’t let ’em get to you.
Do they get to you?
We talked about this.
It’s business.
They’re just emp–
[ Man ]
♪ I want your love ♪
♪ Give me your love ♪
♪ Give it to me ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Yeah
Come on ♪
♪ I want your love ♪
♪ Give me your love ♪
♪ Give it to me
I want your love ♪
♪ Give me your love ♪
♪ I want your love ♪
♪ I want your love ♪♪